Now let's take a moment to overview what we learned in the section up until now.
In this section we have created our very first spring application to get it done.
We've taken advantage of spring initialiser which helps us pick and choose what we want to include in
our application very easily.
We also discovered another way of creating our application and that was start at Spring Daddy-O We are
taking a closer look at how to work with Mavin and how to clean install and build our application with
it.
And of course we're going to be using it more as we move along.
With Mavin we bundled our application as a runnable Jeal file of course spring boot enabled us to do
that.
And finally you had an assignment to create your own spring Boot application.
I hope you did well on your first application and ready to move onto the next chapter if you have any
concerns or questions regarding your exercise.
Please contact me about your problem and I can help you with it.
To talk more on fundamentals of spring boom and the lifecycle of a typical springboard application I'll
see you on the next section.